WHERE DID YOU GROW UP? WHAT WAS YOUR PATH TO CAL?

I grew up in The Bronx, NY ("You got a problem with dat?" -- that's
how they talked in my old neighborhood, no joke) until I was 9. The
Bronx is one of the 5 Boroughs of New York City, if you didn't know. I
moved to Westchester (suburb of New York) for a year and then upstate
to a small town near Cooperstown, NY (where the Baseball Hall of Fame
is located). I graduated from Cooperstown Central High, went on to MIT
where I got a double major in CS and EE and graduated in 5 years. Then
I came to Cal as a grad student, did a MS in Game Theory in 1995 and a
PhD in Graphics in 2000 and joined the faculty in 2000.

HOW MUCH PROGRAMMING HAVE YOU DONE (& WHAT LANGUAGES)?

I started with Basic in high school in 1985. At MIT I learned Scheme
(in the class CS61A was modeled after, taught by the authors of SICP)
and C. When I got to Berkeley, I learned Tcl/Tk, Java, Python, Unix,
Matlab, Mathematica, html & perl.  My current favorite language is
Python, definitely.

WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES?

Most are listed on my website, but in short: puzzles, games, golf,
basketball, ultimate, animation, juggling, programming, classic comedy
sketches, movies, genealogy, sharing jokes and quality family time.

WHAT ARE SOME OF YOUR TALENTS & SKILLS?

I can juggle 5 balls, ride a unicycle (poorly), spin things on my
finger, play the harmonica and congas badly (though I can't read
music), recite entire Monty Python sketches, hit a golf ball 275 yds
(though I have yet to break 90!), do an L hang, and wiggle my ears.

HAVE YOU DONE ANYTHING REMARKABLE? HAS ANYTHING MEMORABLE HAPPENED TO YOU?

In high school, I tied the school record in the 200m dash (23.2 s) and
I was the fastest rapid calculator in central NY (~100 high schools).  
I recently lived in Melbourne, Australia for 5 months, and
I climbed half-dome a few years ago.

WHAT COMMITMENTS WILL BE CONSUMING YOUR CYCLES THIS SEMESTER?

(again, links to most of these activities are on my website) This
semester I'm on ASMD (active service modified duties), which means
that my teaching load is reduced but my "service" to UCB is unchanged,
because I'll be taking care of my 6-mo-old daughter four days a week.
In addition to this class, I'm also running the self-paced courses.  I
run the GamesCrafters computational game theory undergraduate research
and development group. I supervise two awesome DeCals: UCBUGG and
MS-DOS X.  I'm the director of the Weiner Lecture Archives
project. I'm on the computing and networking committee, the
undergraduate study committee, the college computing committee, and I
do EECS and L&S faculty advising. I'm on the ACM Education Board and
the chair of a task force that is trying to launch a new Web 2.0
collection of "Technology for Computing Educators". I'm also a faculty
co-advisor for BFOIT. I've got a 90-minute BART commute each way on
mondays when I'm on campus. Finally, and most importantly, I've got a
wonderful wife, a 4-yr old son (starting kindergarten!) and my infant
daughter with whom I try to spend as much time as possible. Phew!
